Update README.md (#149)
LiqoTech/liqo: README.md

* *Liqonet Operators*: Those operators are responsible to establish Pod-to-Pod and Pod-to-Service connection across 
partner clusters.

> ...and some others. Check out the architecture [Documentation](docs/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...and some others. Check out the architecture [Documentation](https://doc.liqo.io/architecture/)
```
